This page was generated by Text::SmartLinks v0.01 at 2019-04-19 11:48:05 GMT.

(syn 8d47115)   [ Index of Synopses ]

    TITLE
    VERSION
    Project Plan
    Random Thoughts
    About These Documents
        Additions 
    AUTHORS 

TITLE

Synopsis 1: Overview
VERSION

    Created: 10 Aug 2004

    Last Modified: 11 Feb 2015
    Version: 10

This document originally summarized Apocalypse 1, which covers the initial design concept. That original summary may be
Mostly, we're just a bunch of ants all cooperating (sort of) to haul food toward the nest (on average). There are many 
This document does not attempt to summarize all these subprojects--see http://perl6.org for such information. What we 
Another aspect of this is the Perl 6 compiler will be self-hosting. That is, the compiler will eventually compile it
But above all, our project plan is simply to help people find a spot where they can feel like they're creating the 

    The word "apocalypse" historically meant merely "a revealing", and we're using it in that unexciting sense.
    If you ask for RFCs from the general public, you get a lot of interesting but contradictory ideas, because people 
    RFCs are rated on "PSA": whether they point out a real Problem, whether they present a viable Solution, and whether
    Perl 6 should be malleable enough that it can evolve into the imaginary perfect language, Perl 7. This darwinian 
        #!/usr/bin/perl6
        use v6.0;

    Also, a file with a .p6 extension may be taken as indicative, as may any other extension containing the digit 6, 
        use v6;
        # ...some Perl 6 code...
        {
            use v5;
            # ...some Perl 5 code...
            {
                use v6;
                # ...more Perl 6 code...
            }
        }

    Some platforms may restrict this to a subset of Perl 5 when it is not expedient to include a full Perl 5 interpreter
        perl -e '$x = 1'

        #!/usr/bin/perl
        no strict;
        $x = 1;

    It must be possible to write policy metamodules that invoke other modules on the user's behalf.
    If you want to treat everything as objects in Perl 6, Perl will help you do that. If you don't want to treat everyth
    Language designers are still necessary to synthesize unrelated ideas into a coherent whole.
    The language designer is neither omniscient nor omnipotent, and never will be, despite requests for those particular
About These Documents

If you are reading the HTML version, it is generated from the POD sources in the specs repository under 
https://github.com/perl6/specs

Please post errors and feedback to perl6-language. If you are making a general laundry list, please separate messages by
AUTHORS

    Larry Wall <larry@wall.org>

[ Top ]   [ Index of Synopses ] 